>> Sarah Drasner: Limited color,
I think that when you're first starting
out you should limit your color.
You should limit your color
palettes as much as possible.
Because it'll keep it consistent,
and keep it cohesive, and
then you can kind of add more detail and
bring more out.
So this was actually just
a tweet from Justin Mezzoll,
he's a really great designer
that you should check out.
And he's showing how by limiting
the color you can get an idea of what
kind of color ranges to work in.
And then by adding a little bit more and
a little bit more you're
starting to just fill in detail.
So it's kinda like the composition idea,
right?
Where we have the big building blocks that
we're working with in the composition.
We figure those out and then we can
fill out little details here and there.
So here's an example
of some limited color.
I mean I think the color
work here is really great.
It's really not something that you
would decide to do on your own.
It's actually a little bit different on
the screen again seem like I wanna check
out the slide after but it's mostly kind
of on this like purple scale with some
unique bits here and there.
But they just keep to those colors, almost
like take the background, take the blue,
and those icons, that's pretty much
all the color they're working with for
this whole thing.
But the color is pretty nice for
the whole to keep it consistent
across the entire design.